README: mention alternative package. (#192)
elixir-editors/elixir-tmbundle: README.markdown

It provides syntax highlighting, snippets, and keybindings. Contributions and extensions are welcome!

> ## Alternative: ElixirSyntax and ST4
> 
> Note that the [ElixirSyntax](https://packagecontrol.io/packages/ElixirSyntax) package exists as an alternative providing a more up-to-date experience and is available for Sublime Text 4.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note**: for a package that provides tighter and up to date integration with Sublime Text 3 and Sublime Text 4, see [ElixirSyntax](https://packagecontrol.io/packages/ElixirSyntax).
```
